Update parameters for managing SNS proposals (#1817)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/sns/managing/managing-nervous-system-parameters.md

```

See example [proposal of an active SNS](https://dashboard.internetcomputer.org/sns/7jkta-eyaaa-aaaaq-aaarq-cai/proposal/6).

## The parameters

### `default_followees`

> The set of default followees that every newly created neuron will follow per function. This is specified as a mapping of proposal functions to followees. If unset, neurons will have no followees by default. The set of followees for each function can be at most of size `max_followees_per_function` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of default followees that every newly created neuron will follow per function. This is specified as a mapping of proposal functions to followees. If unset, neurons will have no followees by default. The number of followees for each function can be at most `max_followees_per_function`.
```

### `max_dissolve_delay_seconds`
  

> The maximum dissolve delay that a neuron can have. That is, the maximum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum dissolve delay that a neuron can have, given in seconds. That is, the maximum
```

that a neuron's dissolve delay can be increased to. The maximum is also enforced
when saturating the dissolve delay bonus in the voting power computation.

### `max_dissolve_delay_bonus_percentage`

E.g. if a large dissolve delay can double the voting power of a neuron,
then this field would have a value of 100, indicating a maximum of
100% additional voting power.

For no bonus, this should be set to 0.

To achieve functionality equivalent to NNS, this should be set to 100.

### `max_followees_per_function`

> The maximum number of followees each neuron can establish for each nervous system function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of followees each neuron can have for each nervous system function.
```

This number can be at most as large as the defined ceiling
`MAX_FOLLOWEES_PER_FUNCTION_CEILING` (15 at time of writing).

### `neuron_claimer_permissions`

The default set of neuron permissions granted to the principal claiming a neuron.

### `neuron_minimum_stake_e8s`

The minimum number of e8s (10E-8 of a token) that can be staked in a neuron.

To ensure that staking and disbursing of the neuron work, the chosen value
must be larger than the `transaction_fee_e8s`.

### `max_neuron_age_for_age_bonus`

> The age of a neuron that saturates the age bonus for the voting power computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum age of a neuron, defined in seconds, that saturates the age bonus for the voting power computation.
```

@daniel-wong-dfinity-org do you recall if this is indeed in seconds? Since it is not in the name I wasn't 100% sure, but assume so as the age itself is also in age IIRC

### `initial_voting_period_seconds`

> The initial voting period of the proposal, identical in meaning to the one in
> `NervousSystemParameters`, and duplicated here so the parameters can be changed
> without affecting existing proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial voting period of a proposal. Changing this parameter will not affect existing proposals.
```
I don't actually understand the part "  identical in meaning to the one in
`NervousSystemParameters`, and duplicated here" but I think maybe just shortening as suggested is enough.

### `neuron_minimum_dissolve_delay_to_vote_seconds`

> The minimum dissolve delay a neuron must have to be eligible to vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum dissolve delay, defined in seconds, that a neuron must have to be eligible to vote.
```

The chosen value must be smaller than `max_dissolve_delay_seconds`.

## `reject_cost_e8s`

The number of e8s (10E-8 of a token) that a rejected
proposal costs the proposer.

### `max_proposals_to_keep_per_action`

The maximum number of proposals to keep, per action. When the
total number of proposals for a given action is greater than this
number, the oldest proposals that have reached final decision state
(rejected, executed, or failed) and final rewards status state
(settled) may be deleted.

The number must be larger than zero and at most be as large as the
defined ceiling `MAX_PROPOSALS_TO_KEEP_PER_ACTION_CEILING` (700 at time of writing).

### `wait_for_quiet_deadline_increase_seconds`

> The wait_for_quiet_deadline_increase_seconds of the proposal, identical in
> meaning to the one in NervousSystemParameters, and duplicated here so the
> parameters can be changed without affecting existing proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter of the wait-for-quiet algorithm that increases the voting period of a proposal if it is controversial and changes the voting outcome. 
A proposal's voting period starts with `initial_voting_period_seconds` and will be incresed at most by two times the parameter `wait_for_quiet_deadline_increase_seconds`.
Changing this parameter does not affect existing proposals.
```

### `max_number_of_neurons`

The maximum number of allowed neurons. When this maximum is reached, no new
neurons will be created until some are removed.

This number must be larger than zero and at most as large as the defined
ceiling `MAX_NUMBER_OF_NEURONS_CEILING` (200_000 at time of writing).

### `transaction_fee_e8s`

> The transaction fee that must be paid for ledger transactions (except

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transaction fee, in 10E-8 of an SNS token, that must be paid for ledger transactions (except
```

minting and burning governance tokens).

### `max_number_of_proposals_with_ballots`

The max number of proposals for which ballots are still stored, i.e.,
unsettled proposals. If this number of proposals is reached, new proposals
can only be added in exceptional cases (for few proposals it is defined
that they are allowed even if resources are low to guarantee that the relevant
canisters can be upgraded).

This number must be larger than zero and at most as large as the defined
ceiling `MAX_NUMBER_OF_PROPOSALS_WITH_BALLOTS_CEILING` (700 at time of writing).

### `max_age_bonus_percentage`

> Analogous to the previous field (see the previous comment),

Reviewer: This does not work with the current ordering, so maybe we need to repeat the text or refer to the other by name

Author: fixed

but this one relates to neuron age instead of dissolve delay.

To achieve functionality equivalent to NNS, this should be set to 25.

### `neuron_grantable_permissions`

The superset of neuron permissions a principal with permission
`NeuronPermissionType::ManagePrincipals` for a given neuron can grant to another
principal for this same neuron. If this set changes via a `ManageNervousSystemParameters` proposal, previous neurons' permissions will be unchanged and only newly granted permissions will be affected.

### `voting_rewards_parameters`

When this field is not populated, voting rewards are "disabled". Once this

> is set, it probably should not be changed, because the results would

Reviewer: I think the second sentence is a bit strange. If we want to say something I would rather phrase it as a warning like "changing this should be evaluated carefully as it might be hard to understand rewards if they change..." or so.

also, I would say here what the reward parameters are, they consist of the following and describing those fields here as a sub-section might actually be the more relevant information for users
  final_reward_rate_basis_points : opt nat64;
        initial_reward_rate_basis_points : opt nat64;
        reward_rate_transition_duration_seconds : opt nat64;
        round_duration_seconds : opt nat64;

may be confusing.

### `maturity_modulation_disabled`

> By default, maturity modulation is enabled; however, an SNS can use this

Reviewer: I would here quickly say what maturity modulation is.

> By default, maturity modulation is enabled; however, an SNS can use this

Reviewer: I would say that this field is a boolean and what true means. 
I assume that true = "is disabled" (which might be a bit confusing as true = does *not* work, I would therefore make this explicit)

field to disable it. When disabled, this canister will still poll the

> Cycles Minting Canister (CMC), and store the value received therefrom.

Reviewer: I would say here which value will be polled from the CMC as it might otherwise be rather unclear why this is happening at all.
